<h2> $${\space \color{orange}About Dataset}$$ </h2>

<h3> $${\space \color{white} Context} $$ </h3>
<p> This dataset includes time-series data generated by embedded smartphone sensors(accelerometer, gyroscope, magnetometer, battery sensor, GPS, etc). These data are collected with an android application "Sensor Data Collector,” developed to accumulate smartphone sensor data. </p> 

<h3> $${\space \color{white} Inspiration} $$ </h3>
<p> By analyzing this dataset, one can easily find different types of correlations between mobile sensor data and human emotion, sleep patterns, movement patterns, etc. It can also be used in different domains like recommendation systems, activities of daily living, and many more. </p>

<h3> $${\space \color{white} Content} $$ </h3>
<h4> Version 2(UserInfo.csv, Sensors.csv) </h4>
<div>
<p> For each participant, the study commenced by collecting their 14 days of smartphone sensor data by using an android application " Sensor data collector" and obtained 21690 recorded samples of autonomous smartphone sensor data from 145 users. </p>
</div>
<div>
<p> UserInfo.csv contains information that we have collected directly from the users, like their gender and age range. Privacy concerns were taken into significant consideration in our research study. Focusing on protecting participants’ personal information, we have entirely anonymized each participant’s identity with a random hashed user id. </p>
</div>
<div>
<p> Sensors.csv contains mobile sensor data collected from the accelerometer, gravity, gyroscope, magnetometer, orientation, and GPS sensors. Accelerometer, gravity, gyroscope, and magnetometer data are recorded with their tri-axial values. GPS encompasses the device’s increments in latitude, longitude, and altitude. </p>
</div>

<h4> Version 1(SENSORDATA.csv) </h4>
<p> Data is collected through the same application "Sensor data collector" for 14 days as version 2. This dataset contains 9516 records of embedded smartphone sensor data collected from the accelerometer, gravity, gyroscope, magnetometer, battery sensor, light sensor, orientation, and GPS sensors. </p>

<h3> $${\space \color{white} Acknowledgements} $$ </h3>
<p> If you use this dataset, please cite the following paper: </p>

<div>
 <p> Author= {Samin Ahsan Tausif, Aysha Gazi Mouri, Ishfaq Rahman, Nilufar Hossain and H. M. Zabir Haque} </p>
 <p> Title= {CrowdSensing: Assessment of Cognitive Fitness Using Machine Learning}  </p>
 <p> Publication Type= {Journal Article}  </p>
 <p> Country= {United States}  </p>
 <p> Year of Publication= {} (Accepted for Publication) (Nov' 2022)  </p>
 <p> Journal Name= {Journal of Advances in Information Technology}  </p>
 <p> ISSN= {1798-2340}  </p>
 <p> Volume= {}  </p>
 <p> Number= {}  * will be updated after the publication of the article </p>
 <p> Publisher= {Engineering and Technology Publishing} </p>
 <p> DOI= {10.12720/jait} (Scopus Indexed) </p>
 <p> * will be updated after the publication of the article </p>
</div>
